there were the bad news Sally words in your this is gonna happen which
is on the way and so when the unit is going to get some information
or some more deaths in the family so it doesn't spouse child there
are several what happens you know if you have the resources on board
if they should be taken off at a chapel always good to have chapel
way yeah a war you don't have that if the magic to the senior master
chief of the yeah it is but the team member think about it and say
Hey we're we're here to help yeah you know I will get a fly you back
so there's a lot of resources available that's one thing that you will
need to know about and we'll get into if you're the full games how
are you gonna get a man woman all right well one event happens that's
not the time to learn about it so we've got a spare or you know
three days before yeah only the four if you look into that once you
make sure you know the right if something happens